docs: split bot documentation into separate files with minor fix (#2226)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin/bot.rst

> supposed to do. Thanks to the ``bot`` parameter, you can make the bot talk:
> say something in a channel, reply to someone, send a notice, or join a channel.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to be a bit more generic about making the bot do stuff here, now that the page has been split into subpages with the TOC tree shown here.

```suggestion
supposed to do. Thanks to the ``bot`` parameter, you can make the bot say or do things:
send a message, reply to the person who triggered it, send a notice, or join a channel.
```

(Not bothering with re-wrapping just yet, as this is only a rough suggestion.)
